Brian Diver
COMP390-001
This project reads meteorite data from a specifically formatted text file. It then filters that data according to user input collected at runtime to output a filtered list of meteorite data. This filtered data can be output to the console, to a new text file, or to a new excel file
GitHub URL: https://github.com/bdiverbridgewater/COMP_390_FinalProject
Third-party libraries: xlwt, pytest, io, os, datetime
How to use: The program will run when the file 'main.py' is asked to execute from within the project folder. After the program starts to run, a series of prompts will be displayed within the console, requesting input from the user. Follow along with the prompts and enter the information the program asks for. First it will ask for a text file containing meteorite data. For a robust list of meteorites, use the included file "meteorite_landings.txt". The program will then prompt you for a file mode to open that text file with. For the purposes of this program, there is no reason to do anything but simply read from the text file. This means you should input "r" for read mode. The program will then ask how you'd like to filter the meteorites. You can filter either on year of the meteorite landing or the mass of the meteorite, with upper and lower numerical limits to follow after your selection is made. Finally the program will ask how you want the filtered data to be outputted. Writing to the console will allow you to see the results immediately but will not save the data anywhere. Otherwise you can request to automatically create a text file or an excel file that can be opened to view all the same information. If the data is outputted to a text file, that new text file can be used as the initial meteorite data file for a new run of the program. This will allow you to do multiple layers of filtering on your data.
all project requirements completed